---
path: /2019-01-01-happy-2019
title: Happy 2019, Y'all!
date: 2019-01-01
tags: Me
---

Holy shit, would ya lookit that -- it's 2019 all of a sudden. I have to say, I'm really not a tremendous fan of this whole "perceived perception of the passage of time gaining speed exponentially" thing that's going on as I get older.

Not. A. Fan.

But since we have an arbitrarily-meaningful calendar-flipping date on our hands, I feel like some soul-searching and priority-setting is in order. I'm not going to call anything a "resolution," as that's blatantly setting myself up for spectacular failure. Here's my current plan for keeping that crash-and-burn from happening:

First off, I'm **setting priorities**, not making resolutions. I mean, I'm still *resolving* things, I suppose, but really it's a matter of figuring out those things that are important to me and putting plans into place -- and knowing that I'm going to fail sometimes and being kind to myself when it happens. Falling down on a resolution brings on more of an "AAAH NO I BROKE MAH RESOLUTION!!!" -- and subsequently results in an up-giving -- but knowing that I have priorities that I'm trying to conscientiously live by should (I hope) make it easier to stick to the plan(s).

Also, I'm not promising to stick with *anything* for a full calendar year. Don't get me wrong, I'm not going into this year with the assumption I'm going to drop everything -- but a year (even in these going-too-damn-fast times) is just way too long. Not only does committing to a year feel like a goal I have no chance of hitting given my short attention span, but... I don't know what the heck is going to happen this year. More importantly for these purposes, I don't know where the heck my interests are going to drift toward this year. I'm horribly flighty about chasing interests and hobbies, so promising myself I'm doing any given thing for a year is foolhardy. Instead, I'm working on committing for three months at a time -- I'll have a quarterly check-in with myself at the end of March and see how things are going and what kinds of changes I want to make for the next quarter.

The biggest thing, though, is that I'm trying to find a way to *remind myself what my priorities and goals are*. The single most dominant factor in my inability to stick with resolutions or, really, anything I want to do is that...I just forget. (See above, re: horribly flighty.) I will *really and truly mean* to make some goal or desire happen, but then my attention gets caught by some other Shiny New Thing, and the previously-very-important want fades from my head like a dream upon waking. My intentions are solid; my follow-through is crap.

I have a system I'm working on putting into place starting today. It's tailored very specifically for myself and I'm going to see how it goes the next week or two; it's possible that I'll write up what I'm doing if it ends up working for me. I know that I *have* to have some means of keeping my priorities and goals situated at least toward the forefront of my mind or I've got no chance at success.

I feel like I should share with those of you who have bothered reading this far what my current priorities for Q1 2019 are (because, y'know, public accountability is good):

1. Get my financial house in shape;
1. Drop the fifteen-ish pounds I've reacquired over the last six months;
1. Return to writing on a regular basis;
1. Improve my Spanish comprehension and fluency.

I'd say "wish me luck," but honestly, "wish me focus" would be a more helpful sentiment.
